Add docs on env vars in the UI (#1714)
mozilla/fx-private-relay: docs/frontend-architecture.md

Uses [`react-ga`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/react-ga).
See `useGaViewPing` and `trackPurchaseStart`.

## Add/modify environment-specific data

> To make life easy for our Site Reliability Engineers (SREs), we only compile our
> front-end once, and they deploy the built code to our different environments
> (stage, production). This is different from an approach that you might be
> familiar with from other front-end projects, in which the code is built for
> each environment separately.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We only compile our front-end once, and then deploy the built code to
our different environments (stage, production). This is different from an
approach that you might be familiar with from other front-end projects,
in which the code is built for each environment separately.
```
